{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c70196;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
NEGATIVE SPACE (poem)
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The shadowy shape of self
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Ghosts by, ephemeral, just beyond reach.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 My own thoughts gather dust on the shelf
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 My mind to full of ideas others teach.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Who I am, I do not truly know,
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 How to define myself--that even less;
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 And to put a wild phantom of "myself" on show
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I think would create an incoherent mess.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 But without a flicker of doubt I do know this:
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 With the steadiness of flame I know who I am not.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Perhaps what I am not, that dark devouring abyss
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Might show what my uncertain self's light cannot.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I have been told that everyone has a "true face",
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 And that they must reveal it as their own.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I think in a portrait of negative space
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 My own true self might begin to be shown.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I am not a hero,
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Yet I am not ordinary.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I am not a failure,
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 Neither am I a particular success.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I am not shattered or sharp like broken glass,
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I am not perfectly whole and strong.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I am not a plastic doll to be prodded and positioned,
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I am not a soldier to be trained,
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I am not a coward to be dismissed and discarded.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I am not everything.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I am not nothing.
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 I might be anything,
\f1 \cf0 \cb1 \

\f0 \cf2 \cb3 But I might not.}