{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c70196;
\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'a0I came across the work of Arjan Janssen on a site Professor Hermon was raving about; '{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://butdoesitfloat.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 butdoesitfloat.com}} is a resource you should all know of, it is filled with great images' he said with tremendous surety & jurisdiction. In retrospect, he was right. I recall almost immediately having my attention arrested by the bare, disparate paintings that\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 met my gaze once the webpage had finally loaded. Usually, I don't bat my eyelashes twice at fine art pieces that fall in the class of "things vast majority of people say they can make themselves..."\'a0but this time, 
\i things\'a0
\i0 were different.\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 I was captivated by the broad, powerful lines of black paint that Janssen used to mar the canvas, the unremitting "empty" spaces that took up most of the works entirely. What was most startling yet alluring is that beyond the aesthetic components of Janssen's art, which left me in awe on their own, I felt such a wealth of emotion. Emotion that stemmed from what spanned beyond the canvas itself. I connected with the pieces even though I could not necessarily deduce anything from them. And with that, my true journey into the concept of negative space in relation to perspective, awareness, and connotation began.}